[Music]
two months have passed since a strain of
mad cow disease mutated into mad person
disease that became mad zombie disease
which over an the entire United States
turning many Americans into vicious
zombies survivors of the zombie epidemic
have learned that growing attached to
other survivors is not advisable because
they could die at any moment so many
have taken to using their city of origin
as nicknames unaffected college student
Columbus is making his way from his
college dorm in Austin Texas to Columbus
Ohio
to see whether his parents are still
alive he encounters Tallahassee another
survivor who is particularly violent in
killing zombies though he does not
appear to be sociable Tallahassee
reluctantly allows Columbus to travel
with him Tallahassee mentions he misses
his puppy that was killed by zombies as
well as his love for Twinkies which he
actively tries to find the parameter
which etaf and her younger sister little
rock in a grocery store the sisters are
con artists and trick Tallahassee and
Columbus into handing over their weapons
by pretending that Little Rock is
infected by the disease and then they
steal their Escalade the two men find a
yellow Hummer loaded with weapons and go
after the sisters however the girls
spring another trap for them and take
them hostage Tallahassee steals his gun
back and has a standoff with Wichita
until Columbus lashes out and anger
saying that they have bigger problems to
worry about and resulting in an uneasy
truce between them
the sisters reveal that they are going
to the Pacific Playland amusement park
in Los Angeles an area supposedly free
of zombies after learning his hometown
has been destroyed and his parents
likely killed Columbus decides to join
the others to California along the trip
Columbus persists in trying to impress
and attract Wichita when the group
reaches Hollywood Tallahassee directs
them to the mansion of Bill Murray
Tallahassee and Wichita meet Bill Murray
himself not infected but disguised as a
zombie so he can walk safely around town
Murray is killed when Columbus shoots
him mistaking him for a real zombie
during a practical joke while watching
Ghostbusters with Little Rock Columbus
realizes during a game of Monopoly that
Tallahassee has not been grieving for
his puppy but rather his young son
Wichita becomes increasingly attracted
to Columbus and Tallahassee bonds with
Little Rock with whom he was previously
at
despite Wichitas attraction to Columbus
she fears attachment and leaves with
little rock for Pacific Playland the
next morning
Columbus decides to go after Wichita and
convinces Tallahassee to join him at
Pacific Playland
the sisters activate all the rides and
lights so they can enjoy the park only
to draw the attention of several zombies
in the surrounding area
a chase ensues and just as the sisters
are trapped on a drop tower ride
Tallahassee and Columbus arrive
Tallahassee lures the zombies away
creating a distraction for Columbus to
get to the tower ride both using the
attractions to their advantage
Tallahassee eventually locks himself in
a game booth shooting zombies as they
arrive Columbus successfully evades and
shoots through several zombies to reach
the tower and help the girls down but
not before changing one of his rules for
survival to conquer his fear of clowns
while facing off against a clown zombie
wichita kisses Columbus and reveals her
real name Christa as the group leaves
Pacific Playland Columbus realizes that
without relating to other people one
might as well be a zombie and that he
now has what he has always wanted a
family
[Music]